{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I am conducting a study regarding the Dutch language and am testing how well humans can distinguish whether a sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical. For this, I have multiple minimal pairs in Dutch obtained from the ANS website (https://e-ans.ivdnt.org/): two sentence pairs with one being grammatical and the other being ungrammatical. Here is an example of a minimal pair with the first sentence being grammatical and the second ungrammatical:
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Karin vergist zich. | Karin vergist zichzelf.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 In order to effectively test how well humans can distinguish whether a sentence is grammatical or ungrammatical, I need 50 minimal pairs for a phenomenon. In this case, I will need 50 minimal pairs for the phenomenon \'91verbs\'92, specifically \'91Reflexive (reflexive) and non-reflexive (non-reflexive) verbs\'92. Below I will list a set of minimal pairs in the same format as the example above.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Minimal pairs:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Karin vergist zich. | Karin vergist zichzelf.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Karin vergist zich. | Karin vergist haar.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Karin vergist zich. | Karin vergist de baby.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Zijn succes verheugt ons zeer. | Ik herinner mezelf nog veel uit mijn jeugdjaren.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Zijn succes verheugt ons zeer. | Wij verheugen onszelf over zijn succes.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Peter verwondde zich aan een glasscherf. (aan = 'door) | Peter verwondde zijn broertje aan een glasscherf.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 De verpleegster prikte zich aan een injectienaald. (aan = 'door') | De verpleegster prikte de pati\'ebnt aan een injectienaald.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Ik amuseer mezelf altijd heel goed als ik alleen ben. | Ik zag me op de televisie.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Ik zag mezelf op de televisie. | Hij stelde zich aan als directeur.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Firstly, determine the critical region of the sentences. The critical region defines the point at which the sentence in the ungrammatical condition actually turns ungrammatical. For instance, the critical region in the example is the word \'91zich\'92 in the grammatical sentence, as this changes to \'91zichzelf\'92 in the ungrammatical sentence which is wrong. List the critical regions of each of the listed minimal pairs.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Secondly, create more minimal pairs similar to the listed minimal pairs. These minimal pairs need to be the same as the listed minimal pairs in that they have to have the same critical region. Create 20 of these minimal pairs.
\f1\fs24 \
}